This page is to list advanced list of how to...



==FPS display==
  * By code: `C.fpsMode = 1` (0 - 5)
  * At run time: click on *@* at the top (to show the menu), then press F (left most).
  * To Reset, press R (right most).
*fpsMode list:*
  * 0 = off
  * 1 = current fps
  * 2 = mininum - current - max
  * 3 = min - current - max: average
  * 4 = min - current - max: average, average msPerFrame - msPerFrame
  * 5 = average msPerFrame - mcPerFrame



==Memory display==
  * by code: `C.memoryMonitor= 1` (0 - 2)
  * At run time: click on *@* at the top (to show the menu), then press *M* (left most).
*memoryMonitorlist:*
  * 0 = off
  * 1 = current memory usage
  * 2 = mininum - current - max



==Force garbage collect==
  * At run time, click on *@* at the top (to show the menu), then press *G*
  * This function will only work if you have debugger version of flash player



==Start CommandLine==
  * by code: `C.commandLine= true`
  * At run time, click on *@* at the top (to show the menu), then press *CL*



==Text searching/filtering==
  * turn on command line.
  * type '/filter <text to filter>'
  * this will create a new channel called 'filtered' and it will only print logs that only have the text term you have passed.
  * When finished don't forget to go back to other channels to see other logs.


==Bind key==
  * This is highly recommended to use as development testing only.
  * Remember to disable keyboard short cuts if you are testing in flash authoring.
  * In code: `C.bindKey(char:String, ctrl:Boolean, alt:Boolean, shift:Boolean, fun:Function ,args:Array = null)`
char = single key character to bind with
ctrl = Control key press required?
alt = Alt key press required?
shift = Shift key press required?
fun = Function to call on press
args = arguments to pass back, pass multiple params as an array
