#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured,Phase-Implementation
=Getting started=

==Introduction==

The main class you will need to use for console is `c`, (`com.atticmedia.console.c`). `c` is a static class wrapper of `console` (`com.atticmedia.console.console`). 
If you want to use multiple instances of console, you can start a new console instance by calling `new console()` but for your convinence, use `c.start(..)`, which make sure console reference is a singleton.

In a later date when you don't need logging in your flash project, you can just remove `c.start(..)` from your code and the rest of other console related codes will stop executing.


==Basics==
{{{
import com.atticmedia.console.*;

// SET UP
c.start(this, ""); 
// If you want to set a keyword for console to start, assign at second parameter. 
// Use letters and numbers only. Console will start hidden if you set a password.
// You will need to type the keyword in correct sequence to show the console.
// 
c.command = true; // (optional) enable command line
c.fpsMode = 2; // (optional) enable FPS monitor with setting 2
c.memoryMonitor = 1; // (optional) enable memory usage monitor with setting 1
c.width = 500; // (optional)
c.height =300; // (optional)
//c.tracing = true; // (optional) trace on flash's normal 'trace'

// LOGGING
c.add("Hello world");
c.add("This is important!", 10);
c.add("This is not really important", 7);
c.add("This is totally a dummy", 0);

//
c.ch("myChannel","Hello my Channel");
c.ch("myChannel","Hello important message at my channel", 10);

// press @ at the top for console menu.
// press H on second right for console menu help
}}}

==Advanced==

====Command line====

{{{
root.oObj => root oObj
(save obj reference) => /save obj1
(load obj reference) => $obj1
root.oObj2.myProperty => root oObj2 myProperty
root.oObj2.myProperty = oObj => root oObj2 myProperty = $obj1
(view info of last return) => /inspect
(view all info of last return) => /inspectall
(see display map of last return) => /map
__Use * to access static classes
com.atticmedia.console.C => *com.atticmedia.console.C
(save reference) => /save c
com.atticmedia.console.C.add('test',10) => $c add(test,10)
__Other useful examples:
stage width
stage scaleMode = noScale
stage frameRate = 12
}}}

====Garbage collection monitor====
{{{
import flash.display.Sprite;
var aSprite = new Sprite();
c.watch(aSprite, "aSprite");
aSprite = null;
}}}
Above example creates a Sprite and then remove its reference. This marks the Sprite to be garbage collected, but it will probably never get collected straight away.
If you have a debugger version of flash player installed, you can press G in console menu (press @ at top) to force garbage collect. 
If you start using this in fairly big flash project, you will see that objects that have lost reference to will properly get collected and notified in console.


==Optionals==
{{{

// enable remoting broadcast
// start broadcasting logs. It will also keep logging for it self
// it can not be a remote while it is remoting...
c.remoting = true;

// recieve remoting broadcasts
// start logging broadcasted logs from another swf.
// it can not be remoting while it is a remote...
c.isRemote = true;

// Change viewing channel
// This is the same as pressing the channel on channels tab at the top.
c.viewingChannel = "myChannel";

// pause console
// This is the same as pressing P button from console menu
// It will keep logging but will stop all update processes
c.paused = true;

// hide console
// This is the same as pressing H button from console menu
// It will keep logging but will stop all update processes
c.visible = false;

// disable console
// It will stop all processes until you enable by code again
c.enabled = false;

// disable always on top (default is on)
// when disabled console will try keep it self at the top of the display list
c.alwaysOnTop = false;
}}}

